Description
In an AIML internship, you will collaborate with researchers, engineers, and program/project managers to tackle innovative challenges. You will also receive technical mentorship and guidance that allows you to learn new things every day, gain practical skills, build real world experience, develop a greater understanding of our industry, and form valuable connections. 
Together, you and your team will partner to design and implement an innovative solution for a Machine Learning problem that is meaningful. At the end of your internship, you will have the opportunity to meet and present your work to AIML leadership. Where appropriate, you will have the opportunity to submit your work for publication at a suitable conference.
Minimum Qualifications
Working toward an undergraduate, graduate or doctoral degree in computer science, engineering, data science, applied mathematics, or equivalent. Doctoral degree paths are preferred for research focused internships.
At the end of the internship, you must return to school to continue your education or the internship must be the last requirement for you to graduate.
Preferred Qualifications
It’s helpful if you meet one or more of the following qualifications, but it isn’t a requirement
Proficiency with an object-oriented programming language, such as Python, Swift, Objective C or Java
Experience with ML libraries, such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, CoreFlow, and Sklearn
Practical knowledge related to building and adapting algorithms for machine learning, speech, multimodal sensing, and related areas
Familiarity with crafting, prototyping, and evaluating interactive systems
Excellent mathematical skills in linear algebra and statistics
Ability to collaborate with others
Problem solving skills
Applied ML Engineering internships: Experience with integrating research prototypes into production applications. Proficiency conducting ethnographic or other situated studies of human interaction with or through interactive technologies. Experience crafting, conducting, analyzing, and interpreting experiments and investigations
Demonstrated expertise with proven publication or track record in at least one of the areas: statistics, econometrics, operations research, quantitative marketing, causal inference, time series analysis, stochastic modeling, optimization and decision making theory
Research-Focused internships: Currently pursuing a doctoral degree. Research experience in Machine Learning and a demonstrable record of publishing academic research in peer-reviewed venues